[200~CREATE SCHEMA IF NOT EXISTS  STAGE_USECASE4 


CREATE TABLE STAGE_USECASE4.REAL_TRANSFORMATION
(
cust_id	                string   options(description=" cust_id	        "),
first_name              string   options(description=" first_name       "),
last_name               string   options(description=" last_name        "),
gender                  string   options(description=" gender           "),
ip_address              string   options(description=" ip_address       "),
mac_id                  string   options(description=" mac_id           "),
client_name             string   options(description=" client_name      "),
mail_id                 string   options(description=" mail_id          "),
url_	                string   options(description=" url_	            "),
app_name	            string   options(description=" app_name	        "),
ph_number	            string   options(description=" ph_number	    "),
credit_card_band	    string   options(description=" credit_card_band "),
card_isu_date	        string   options(description=" card_isu_date	"),
cur_code	            string   options(description=" cur_code	        "),
Frequency	            string   options(description=" Frequency	    "),
valid_card	            string   options(description=" valid_card	    "),
card_type	            string   options(description=" card_type	    "),
currency_code	        string   options(description=" currency_code	"),
access_code	            string   options(description=" access_code	    "),
lst_trns_dt	            string   options(description=" lst_trns_dt	    "),
guid	                string   options(description=" guid	            "),
stock_sym	            string   options(description=" stock_sym	    "),
emp_role	            string   options(description=" emp_role	        "),
ITRAN_CAT_CDE	        string   options(description=" ITRAN_CAT_CDE	"),
Ctry_code               string   options(description=" Ctry_code        ")OPTIONS (DESCRIPTION = "STAGE_USECASE4.REAL_TRANSFORMATION table ");





CREATE SCHEMA IF NOT EXISTS karimgcp14.HISTORY_USECASE4;
CREATE TABLE
  karimgcp14.HISTORY_USECASE4.REAL_TRANSFORMATION ( cust_id bytes OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="cust_id	       "),
      first_name string OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="first_name      "),
          last_name string OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="last_name       "),
	      fullname string OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="fullname        "),
	          gender string OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="gender          "),
		      ip_address string OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="ip_address      "),
		          mac_id string OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="mac_id          "),
			      client_name STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="client_name     "),
			          mail_id bytes OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="mail_id         "),
				      url_ STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="url_	           "),
				          app_name STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="app_name	       "),
					      ph_number STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="ph_number	   "),
					          credit_card_band STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="credit_card_band"),
						      card_isu_date DATE OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="card_isu_date'  "),
						          cur_code STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="cur_code	       "),
							      Frequency STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="Frequency	   "),
							          valid_card STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="valid_card	   "),
								      card_type STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="card_type	   "),
								          card_status STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="card_status     "),
									      currency_code STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="currency_code'  "),
									          access_code STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="access_code     "),
										      lst_trns_dt DATE OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="lst_trns_dt	   "),
										          guid STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="guid	           "),
											      stock_sym STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="stock_sym	   "),
											          emp_role STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="emp_role	       "),
												      ITRAN_CAT_CDE INT64 OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="ITRAN_CAT_CDE'  "),
												          Ctry_code STRING OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION="Ctry_code       ")) OPTIONS(DESCRIPTION ="karimgcp14.HISTORY_USECASE4.REAL_TRANSFORMATION TABLE");


